# <div align="center">AI Grammar Checker - English/Chinese Translator</div>

## Description

    An AI English grammar correction.

    An AI language translator for translating between Chinese and English.

## Purposes

- Fun
- Learning
- Demonstration
- Have a chance to tell AI what to do!

## File Descriptions

- **`My_AI_Grammar.py`**: Text-based interface version of an AI English grammar correction based on "vennify/t5-base-grammar-correction" model from Hugging Face.

- **`My_AI_Translate.py`**: Text-based interface version of an AI text translation between Chinese and English based on "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" and "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" models from Hugging Face.

- **`download_models.py`**: Download models to local machine.

- **`grammar_tkinter.py`**: GUI-based interface version of an AI English grammar correction based on "vennify/t5-base-grammar-correction" model from Hugging Face.

- **`translate_tkinter.py`**: GUI-based interface version of an AI text translation between Chinese and English based on "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" and "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" models from Hugging Face.

- **`jn_grammar.ipynb`**: Jupyter notebook version of an AI English grammar correction based on "vennify/t5-base-grammar-correction" model from Hugging Face.

- **`jn_translate.ipynb`**: Jupyter notebook version of an AI text translation between Chinese and English based on "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" and "Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh" models from Hugging Face.

## Contributors 
    All the code was generated by ChatGPT-3.5, except for a portion of 'My_AI_Grammar.py' which was generated by the Bing Chatbot.
    
    I have no contribution.  

## Project Attribution
    Models from Hugging Face: 
    - vennify/t5-base-grammar-correction
    - Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-en-zh
    - Helsinki-NLP/opus-mt-zh-en

    This project includes code generated by Bing Chatbot and ChatGPT-3.5. 

## Disclaimer

    This project is provided "as is" and without any warranty. Use it at your own risk. 
    
    No guarantee of accuracy or correctness of grammar.
    No guarantee of accuracy or correctness of translation.

    I tested.  Not as good as ChatGPT-3.5





